welcome to uncut angling today on uncut
angling vacation channel case you can't
be get a little bit ruin your day six
without a show here and we've got some
some partials which is good we're just
going to paste them all together and
we're gonna paste six days of footage
together here to bring you one
mediocre channel catfish show this is
Cool J Stephens yo normally I'm behind
the camera
lots people tell me I have a face for
being behind the camera but my mother
tells me differently do you have a
blooper section on the show you're
slowly becoming just like any other show
though wait no I'm not it's not natural
you just work it it's a lot more natural
when the other person's all set up it's
all cut all cut Angley one time my
brother and I were sitting at the
kitchen table and I was sorting through
some of my old Hawkes
oiling them up and making sure that
they're not all rusty and my brother
asked me for a cigarette so I pushed
them across the table and I said here go
ahead and he jumped over the table and
he picked me up off the ground he was
real mad and he said don't ever call me
a goat head that's actually a true story
though Moo twitch twitch pause twitch
twitch twitch applause twitch twitch
twitch applause Twitch pause twitch
cause twitch twitch twitch long pause
long pause twitch twitch twitch EDM
pause twitch twitch twitch long twitch
twitch twitch twitch poss let's put our
foot switch twitch twitch twitch twitch
twitch twitch foot twit touch no fish
and repeat its hoping he'd repeat we'd
be mostly bottom fishing for drum for
the last couple days I using different
techniques and shrimp and minnows worms
even and but we're gonna worms listen to
this
oh and the barbers epic for holding
bombers down down down no it's just
right there Rach can we be closer than
this without it feeling like you're on
shore I certainly don't want any
shoreline in the foreground because I
don't want it to look like there's a guy
up on the hill taking a shot of us
fishing then you I'd the bold III one
time one guy older full-time I gave him
full-time what do you want he's still
complain full-time I deliver no offer
you want money back it's so simple he
won't fool you own a food what what's
the problem you know water which is a
typical location from goodbye tons of
energy yeah 35 feet it's not crazy deep
like a lot of people thing lakes are
going to be in the deepest water we can
find and we've been spending time and
what oh I got a fish coming on me too
there we go heavy beat you to it
No Oh what Justin what did you beat me
to beat me to losing a small walleye or
you're using bait
this isn't that allowed here is it okay
if I punch the counterman I'm working
right along this rock wall here
Ryan's left me on my own Brian am i
doing good ooh wow I've never done drugs
but I bet you that's how it feels
okay we're good no it's not I'm not an
actor I do things for real let's catch
another one and do it for real
you